Psalm 132 a song of a sense Lord
Psalm 132 a song of a sense Lord remember David and all his afflictions
remember David and all his afflictions
remember David and all his afflictions now he swore to the Lord and vowed to
now he swore to the Lord and vowed to
now he swore to the Lord and vowed to the Mighty One of Jacob surely I will
the Mighty One of Jacob surely I will
the Mighty One of Jacob surely I will not go into the chamber of my house or
not go into the chamber of my house or
not go into the chamber of my house or go up to the comfort of my bed I will
go up to the comfort of my bed I will
go up to the comfort of my bed I will not give sleep to my eyes or slumber to
not give sleep to my eyes or slumber to
not give sleep to my eyes or slumber to my eyelids until I find a place for the
my eyelids until I find a place for the
my eyelids until I find a place for the Lord a dwelling place for the Mighty One
Lord a dwelling place for the Mighty One
Lord a dwelling place for the Mighty One of Jacob behold we heard of it in
of Jacob behold we heard of it in
of Jacob behold we heard of it in Ephrata we found it in the fields of the
Ephrata we found it in the fields of the
Ephrata we found it in the fields of the woods let us go into his tabernacle let
woods let us go into his tabernacle let
woods let us go into his tabernacle let us worship at his footstool arise O Lord
us worship at his footstool arise O Lord
us worship at his footstool arise O Lord to your resting place you and the Ark of
to your resting place you and the Ark of
to your resting place you and the Ark of your strength let your priests be
your strength let your priests be
your strength let your priests be clothed with righteousness and let your
clothed with righteousness and let your
clothed with righteousness and let your saints shout for joy for your servant
saints shout for joy for your servant
saints shout for joy for your servant David's sake do not turn away the face
David's sake do not turn away the face
David's sake do not turn away the face of your anointed the Lord has sworn in
of your anointed the Lord has sworn in
of your anointed the Lord has sworn in truth to David he will not turn from it
truth to David he will not turn from it
truth to David he will not turn from it I will set upon your throne the fruit of
I will set upon your throne the fruit of
I will set upon your throne the fruit of your body if your sons will keep my
your body if your sons will keep my
your body if your sons will keep my covenant and my testimony which I shall
covenant and my testimony which I shall
covenant and my testimony which I shall teach them their sons also shall sit
teach them their sons also shall sit
teach them their sons also shall sit upon your throne forevermore for the
upon your throne forevermore for the
upon your throne forevermore for the Lord has chosen Zion he has desired it
Lord has chosen Zion he has desired it
Lord has chosen Zion he has desired it for his dwelling place this is my
for his dwelling place this is my
for his dwelling place this is my resting place forever here I will dwell
resting place forever here I will dwell
resting place forever here I will dwell for I have desired it
for I have desired it
for I have desired it I will abundantly bless her provision I
I will abundantly bless her provision I
I will abundantly bless her provision I will satisfy her poor with bread
will satisfy her poor with bread
will satisfy her poor with bread I will also clothe her priests with
I will also clothe her priests with
I will also clothe her priests with salvation and her Saints shall shout
salvation and her Saints shall shout
salvation and her Saints shall shout aloud for joy there I will make the Horn
aloud for joy there I will make the Horn
aloud for joy there I will make the Horn of David grow I will prepare a lamp for
of David grow I will prepare a lamp for
of David grow I will prepare a lamp for my anointed his enemies I will clothed
my anointed his enemies I will clothed
my anointed his enemies I will clothed with shame but upon himself his crown
with shame but upon himself his crown
with shame but upon himself his crown shall flourish
shall flourish
shall flourish [Music]